# WalletWhiz
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/hhXo01OuhM8>
#### Description: The application I developed is called WalletWhiz. It's a functional web app that help you to to track your expenses. It was build using Python alongside the Flask framework. It offers an easy-to-use UI an a secure authentication system. The main features of the finance management include the ability to add, edit, delete and view expenses. The app provides the user with essential financial statistics. These are monthly and annual average expenses, comparison between months, and the category expense spread over the month. This helps users gain insights into their spending habits. The UI is structured using multiple CSS and HTML files for organization.

#### File Structure: Within the project I have a sub-folder (app) that contains the majority of the project, the database and the main app.py file which just runs the application. The app subfolder has four isolated .py files and four sub-folders (auth, expense, templates, static). The four isolated files are (init, config, database and models). init creates the app, config has the key, database has a function which is used a lot in the code to access the database, and models contains the User class. The auth sub-folder handles all of the flask code for the login, logout and register functions. The expense sub-folder handles most all of the code relating to loading and making the forms and dashboard function. This has most of the code. The static subfolder has all of my styling files organized (mostly) into the following: base, dashboard, expenses, forms, home, responsive. base contains the styling for used on every page, dashboard contains all of the styles for the dashboard page, expenses is for the view expenses page, forms styles all of the pages involving forms, home is for the home page and responsive is for anything with the @media tag. Finally the template subfolder has the templates for all of the pages.